Make `end_strategy` also work for output tools, not just tools (#3523)
pydantic/pydantic-ai: docs/agents.md

!!! note
    As the `run_stream()` method will consider the first output matching the [output type](output.md#structured-output) to be the final output,
    it will stop running the agent graph and will not execute any tool calls made by the model after this "final" output.

>     Note that the [`end_strategy`][pydantic_ai.agent.Agent.end_strategy] parameter only controls which tool calls in the *same* model response are executed, but does not change this fundamental limitation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `run_stream()` method will consider the first output that matches the [output type](output.md#structured-output) to be the final output of the agent run, even when the model generates tool calls after this "final" output.

	These "dangling" tool calls will not be executed unless the agent's [`end_strategy`][pydantic_ai.agent.Agent.end_strategy] is set to `'exhaustive'`, and even then their results will not be sent back to the model as the agent run will already be considered completed.
```

    If you want to always run the agent graph to completion and stream all events from the model's streaming response and the agent's execution of tools,

>     use [`agent.run_stream_events()`][pydantic_ai.agent.AbstractAgent.run_stream_events] or [`agent.iter()`][pydantic_ai.agent.AbstractAgent.iter] instead, as described in the following sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you want to always keep running the agent when it performs tool calls, and stream all events from the model's streaming response and the agent's execution of tools,
    use [`agent.run_stream_events()`][pydantic_ai.agent.AbstractAgent.run_stream_events] or [`agent.iter()`][pydantic_ai.agent.AbstractAgent.iter] instead, as described in the following sections.
```
